Your task is to write a Python program that will allow someone to play a text-based Minesweeper game
in the terminal. Your program only needs to implement a basic 9x9 board with 10 mines randomly
placed. It should be fully playable, however, flagging is an optional feature. After winning or losing, your
program should display the entire board uncovered and write out, to a separate text file, that full board
uncovered, and the list of moves made by the user.
Hints
    • Things to think about:
        o How to determine if the player has won? (Keeping a count of something could help here)
        o How to determine if the player has lost? (Digging a mine is bad)
        o The player should not see the hidden values unless they have opened the cell.
        o Remember, if the cell is blank, all adjacent cells that do not contain mines should be
          automatically opened (think recursion)
          
What do I need?
I. Setup
   A. I need a 9x9 grid
      1. The grid cell should define:
         i.   The grid should mark a bomb, blank, or number.              
         ii.  The grid should mark if it is flagged safe.
         iii. The grid should mark if hidden or revealed.            
   B. I need a way to determine which cells in the grid will contain the mines.
      1. Use a random number generator from 0 to 81.  The numbers generated will be the cells with mines
      2. I need a way to determine if the cell should be empty or contain a number
      3. For cells that contain a number, I need to be able to determine the mine count for the contigous cells.

Setting up the grid and tracking cell information.  This will be easiest to track using a class, so I'm going to
look up how to creat a class in python.

While counting the touching cells that that contain a mine, it was necessary to determine if the cell was on the
boundries of the grid.

The count should be a method not a stored value to prevent inaccurate value.

rule to clear cells after click that is not a mine.  real all cells that are blank.  stop on cells that are touching.
you don't have to worry about mines they will be surrounded by numbers.

for printing the mine field grid, I had to look up how to print without a newline printing.

Determining is the player won. A simple mine count will not do. There are 2 winning conditions either the player
must have cleared all safe cells or all mines must be flagged.

For testing I dumped the grid to the screen "row column cell_type is_flagged"

For clearing the fields correctly it took work.  I initially had issue with it not exposing touching fields and all blank fields.